Update cassandra.md (#1229)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/databases/cassandra.md

## Installing Cassandra Monitors

:::note

> This step is not needed if one is using application components solution terraform script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This step is not needed if you are using the [Application Components Solution](/docs/observability/application-components) Terraform script.
```

> :::

Reviewer: fix note formatting

Author: Fixed

## Installing the Cassandra App

:::note

> This step is not needed if one is using application components solution terraform script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This step is not needed if you are using the [Application Components Solution](/docs/observability/application-components) Terraform script.
```

> Note: This step is not needed if one is using application components solution terraform script.

Reviewer: fix note formatting

Author: Fixed
